Various concert programmes will be performed in Riga during the Second Advent | Rīgas valstspilsētas pašvaldība

During the Second Advent, Riga Local Government offers concerts at Riga City Hall, VEF Culture Palace, Ave Sol Concert Hall, the Small Guild Hall, Iļģuciems Culture Centre and elsewhere in the capital.
As the Second Advent approaches, on December 5 at 19.00 the Riga Cathedral will host a concert "Advent Dialogues" with the participation of the Riga Cathedral Girls' Choir "Tiara", Mārtiņš Circenis and Vita Kalnciema. Tickets are available at “Ticket Paradise” and Riga Cathedral box offices. 
On Saturday, December 6, before the Second Advent, the VEF Culture Palace will host a choral music concert "To Be in the Light" at 16.00. The concert will be performed by the VEF Culture Palace Mixed Choir "Senrīga" and friends. Entrance to this concert costs €5. At the same time, the Ave Sol Concert Hall will host the concert "Star Calling" of the "Colours of the Seasons 2025" series, featuring the Riga Women's Chamber Choir, the Riga Pupils Palace Girls' Choir “Riga” and the string quartet. This concert is free of charge.
The youth and middle generation dance group "Dejotprieks", pop group "Ildzēni", middle generation dance group "Latve", mixed choir "Muklājs", amateur theatres "Piektais Tramvajs", "Rampa" and musical guests will entertain the residents at the concert "Winter" at the cultural centre "Iļģuciems" starting at 18.00.
On December 7, on the Second Advent, from 15.00 to 15.45, Vērmanes Garden will host a heartfelt event for families with children – a concert of Christmas melodies "Čiekurs Čikijs", featuring the music of the “Sunny Groove Dixie” band. The elves will have prepared a special gift for the little ones in the audience – a little cone called Chikki, which can be taken home and used as a Christmas tree ornament to remind them of the warm festive feeling of the concert and the miracle they experienced together.
Whereas  youth choir “Balsis” will perform at Tallinas Street Quarter Hangar Concert Hall at 15:00 together with the   choir of the Union of the Deaf of Latvia.
Listeners will be able to enjoy both classic Christmas songs and modern arrangements, creating a warm feeling of togetherness and festive mood.
The event is free of charge and designed as an inclusive cultural event. The concert hall is adapted for visitors with reduced mobility and the concert will be accompanied by sign language interpretation.
At 16.00, the concert "Light a Bright Fire!" will take place in the "Colours of the Seasons 2025" series at the Ave Sol concert hall, with the participation of the Women's Choir “Cantus”, the kokle ensemble “Cantata” and the accordionist Liāna Linde. 
The concert "Christmas Stories..." will take place in the Chamber Hall of VEF Culture Palace in the Second Advent at 17.00. The music will be performed by Andra Biseniece (harp, voice), Marko Ojala (mandolin, accordion, guitar) and Matīss Repše (percussion, keyboards), soloist Ieva Gorda. A. Biseniece will bring the Christmas story through the ages. Free invitations are available at “Biļešu paradīze” box offices.       
At 19.00, the group "Juuk" will perform at the Culture and Folk Art Centre "Small Guild". Tickets will be available at bilesuparadize.lv and at the KTMC "Small Guild" box office. On Monday, December 8, at 19.00, the children and youth vocal ensemble "Podziņas" will perform at the "Small Guild". Valdis Zilveris will be at the piano, and the concert will be conducted by Ainārs Ančevskis. 
From 28 November until 4 January 2026, the annual Old Town Christmas Market in Doma Square will be open, and the Christmas Garden in Tornakalns "12 Holy Nights" in the area near the Riga Luther Church in Tornakalns invites everyone to join in the activities during the Second Advent. 
You can find out more about Advent, Christmas and New Year’s Eve events in Riga on the website www.kultura.riga.lv and by following the information on the Riga City Council’s social media pages “Rīga” and “Rīgā notiek”.
Information was prepared by Ineta Miglāne, Project Coordinator, External Communication Division of the Communications Department of the Riga City Council, e-mail: ineta.miglane@riga.lv.       
Was this information useful?
Your feedback will help us improve this site.
Please provide feedback on the content of this page.
If you would like to contact us: Contacts
Information about data processing can be found in the Privacy policy section