Real estate tax relief and reduced rate in Riga: important terms and conditions | Rīgas valstspilsētas pašvaldība

As the New Year approaches, the Finance Department of the Riga Local Government reminds that there are several important conditions that affect the amount of real estate tax (RET) and the application of relief.
Most people who want to receive the RET relief must have an activated official e-mail address or be logged in to the e-mail channel for communication with the local government.
This year is still a transition period! If you were not registered for an e-communication channel by 1 January 2025 but are entitled to automatic relief (e.g., for families with children), you can still receive them for the whole of 2025 if:  
Note: There will be no transition period in 2026!
To qualify for the 2026 relief, the e-communication channel must already be registered by 1 January 2026 (00.00). It will not be possible to do it later.
If you already have an official e-address, or if you already receive your RET notifications by e-mail, or if you are not subject to this requirement, you do not need to do anything.
If you or a member of your family qualify for one of the relief categories (e.g., pensioner, person with a disability of Group I or II, disabled child, etc.) and you have not received relief before, you can still apply until 15 December 2025. You only need to apply once – you do not need to reapply in subsequent years, as long as your eligibility remains unchanged.
To apply for the reduced rate for your apartment or detached house in 2026, at least one person must be declared in the property at 00.00 on 1 January 2026.
In apartment buildings or non-residential buildings with a residential function, the reduced rate is applied to 30 m² per person declared as resident.
If no person is declared in the property on 1 January, the standard rate of 1.5% will apply for the whole year.
For legal entities, the property must be rented out and the right to rent must be registered in the Land Register.
Please check the number of declared persons on the portal Latvija.gov.lv or at the Office of Citizenship and Migration Affairs.
Information was prepared by Mārtiņš Vilemsons, Project Coordinator at External Communication Division of Riga City Council Communication Department,  e-mail: martins.vilemsons@riga.lv.
 
Was this information useful?
Your feedback will help us improve this site.
Please provide feedback on the content of this page.
If you would like to contact us: Contacts
Information about data processing can be found in the Privacy policy section